today's videos about growing plants
indoors since I've studied it for dad
and living a fruit lifestyle and become
more and more interested in plants and
in growing them and especially growing
them from the food that I ate somewhat
today I'm going to show you how you can
do that you don't need to have a garden
and outside garden an orchard you can
actually grow most plants most fruit
plants indoors even tropical ones here
we have some herbs some basil and some
parsley
hangri Ewa I'm really really stoked
about this one touch budeureoun from the
fresh during that I ate here a little
mango tree again from a mango seed of
the food that I ate here we have some
papaya or the growing like crazy so
separating different seedlings in
different pots and see what's going to
happen this is a strawberry plant I
didn't grow this one from the seed
actually about it but it was very small
and they're going really nicely as you
can see strawberries are really bursting
out everywhere really nice here we have
some sage casually using salads or
sometimes arrows some try and heart
tomato plant which seller does really
just a baby tomato plant
and since I've repotted it it's grown so
huge and I mean we really have a lot of
tomatoes also growing out about 15 right
now and it's just really really nice and
can't wait to eat those these two
probably gonna eat later and I didn't
know strawberries grew like this would
actually solve you know push out a stand
that jumps and goes to root itself a bit
further from plants in a sort of crawl
like this on the ground which is nice
but I don't have so many thoughts right
now so for now it's a cohabitating with
the tomato plants and I think it's
really nice most people told me that
they would not last especially indoors
and that they would just die out and
it's been a couple of months now and
they're doing just great
really you know good driving actually
growing really nicely and so today I'm
going to give you a few tips first to
grow them into an optimized April so
it's very simple say you eat a mango
these seeds are actually jackfruit seeds
so those are the ones we're going to use
a to show you how it's done but say you
grow a mango well clean the peach really
nicely and then when it's really nice if
it's really ripe the fruit you'll be
able to pry it open and access the seat
with jackfruit is very simple you know
if you let the seat dry then you will
just be yeah just be like that really
simple now the next step you want to do
is take some cotton or toilet paper
because I have rotten enough to wrap the
seeds in it such as this then grab the
standard freezing plastic bag place your
seeds and toilet paper in it
and then really Downton you have to be
you can see really really wet those
babies in order to grow then we need
first a lot of water but that's not all
they're also going to need the lots of
heat and sand so what we're going to do
is close this feeding bag such as this
and that's it what this does is because
the bag is sealed it creates a
microclimate when the Sun strikes the
bag it will make the water evaporate
which will then condense on the surface
of the bag to fold back again on the
seeds really creating this microclimate
with tropical features so I'm just going
to put it there next to the other plants
and leave it there for maybe a couple of
weeks we'll see once the seeds have
germinated which usually takes a couple
of weeks it's time to put them in soil
be careful when you unwrap them not to
damage the roots
I usually line the bottom of the pots
with the first layer of petals and I
choose a soil that is rich that contains
small clay balls which will improve
further order the circulation of water
so take a seat
and you know put them in Seoul during
tea is also special because they all
need to be put in Seoul they actually
notice me to be drops the route will
take place should have the seat in the
air and the planet will grow from that I
hope you like this video if you did
please subscribe follow me on Facebook
Twitter and Instagram
and I'll see
you